Comprehensive guide to applying for Study Abroad programme to Lancaster University (2022 Edition)
Disclaimer: Everything written in this guide is 100% true and I can be held accountable for any inconsistencies so u better trust me lah.
            However, even if you have completed all the steps accordingly without fail, you might still not get nominated for the programme.
            This guide only serves to give you direction on what to do to increase your chances of success because in my experience the process
            is extremely confusing and directionless. I made this guide so that those as dumb as me (<500 iq) will not have to suffer.

Study Abroad
1 During the first semester of your intake, (using the documents below)
check to see if your course is eligible for the following:
    - Three weeks summer programme (AKA Sunway Cultural Exchange, Lancaster Summer Programme)
    - One semester study abroad (AKA Michaelmas Term)
    - One year study abroad
    - 1+2 transfer programme (you might be in a slightly different degree after transferring, refer to documents below)
* This is important because you can only go for programmes that are offered and match the course you are taking

2 After deciding on the preferred programme(s), contact studyabroad@sunway.edu.my to find out who is your programme leader.
Contact and inform them you wish to pursue the programme and obtain the application form titled "application form for outbound student" (also provided below).
* This is important the timing of your submission greatly affects the chances of your success due to it being a first come first serve basis.
* Also important because if you wish to pursue a programme but did not submit the application form, you will not be considered/nominated for the programme.
find out programme leader

3 Discuss with your programme leader (most of the time they straight away tell you) to find out the proper subject mappings that
is required in the application form. Fill in the application form, scan and then email it to studyabroad@sunway.edu.my and CC your programme leader.
* Do this as early as possible (despite your programme leader possibly telling you otherwise, and even without your transcript for the first semester)
* This is because your first application (first semester) submission date will be considered as the "queue date" (subject to your programme leader, given that they themselves acknowledge
the nomination process as a first come first serve basis)

4 Before the official application date commences (around early april), you should have to resubmitted the application form with extra details. This includes
the academic transcript for your first and second semester. During the application period, you will recieve a link from LU
(via email to the email you put in the application form) to complete the application if you are selected by your programme leader.

5 Before 27th April, you should know whether or not you are accepted into the programme by an email from your respective programme leader/study abroad. A few days later,
you should get a link directly from Lancaster University to complete your application.

Requirements
Pass all your Year 1 modules with at least Grade B and have an overall average of at least 3.00 CGPA.
(yes, you make the application before you know the results)
Make sure attendance is in good condition (more than 90% should be fine).
Due to having no specific number of applicants, better grades will give you a higher chance of being nominated into the programme.

Important Emails
studyabroad@sunway.edu.my (Jade)
programme leader's email
sunway.enquiries@lancaster.ac.uk (Hana)
c.fletcher@lancaster.ac.uk (Catherine)
